Intro to meta-analysis (#5)
neurostuff/nimare-book: content/intro.md

## Why would you want to do a meta-analysis?

In the face of replication crises–such as those plaguing neuroimaging,  psychology, and cancer research–being able to aggregate results in this way is particularly valuable. Researchers can use meta-analysis to identify consistency across studies and papers. Neuroimaging meta-analyses, specifically, can allow researchers to find consistency across relatively homogeneous or related groups of studies, regardless of individual study sample sizes, pipeline differences, and intrinsic differences in functional neuroanatomy between study samples (i.e., {cite}`pintos_lobo_neural_2022`). On the other hand, meta-analysis can help identify a common effect across related, but distinct, studies {cite}`bartley_meta-analytic_2018`.

> Further, neuroimaging meta-analyses can be used to generate hypotheses for future primary data analysis, as well. Meta-analytically generated brain networks or regions of interest (ROIs) that are significantly activated across a cognitive or behavioral paradigm can be used in subsequent analyses if primary neuroimaging data (e.g., for limited field-of-view, functional connectivity, or psychophysiological interaction studies) . Data-driven classification of a larger set of studies into distinct categories based on similarity of brain activations can be used to investigate or propose underlying cognitive/neurobiological models of complex processing {cite}`bottenhorn_cooperating_2018, flannery_meta-analytic_2020, laird_neural_2015, riedel_dissociable_2018`. Further, meta-analyses can be useful in dentifying common neural phenomena shared by multiple, seemingly distinct psychiatric diagnoses {cite}`dugre_meta-analytical_2022, janiri_shared_2020, opel_cross-disorder_2020`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, neuroimaging meta-analyses can be used to generate hypotheses for future primary data analysis, as well. Meta-analytically generated brain networks or regions of interest (ROIs) that are significantly activated across a cognitive or behavioral paradigm can be used in subsequent analyses (e.g., for limited field-of-view, functional connectivity, or psychophysiological interaction studies). Data-driven classification of a larger set of studies into distinct categories based on similarity of brain activations can be used to investigate or propose underlying cognitive/neurobiological models of complex processing {cite}`bottenhorn_cooperating_2018, flannery_meta-analytic_2020, laird_neural_2015, riedel_dissociable_2018`. Further, meta-analyses can be useful in identifying common neural phenomena shared by multiple, seemingly distinct psychiatric diagnoses {cite}`dugre_meta-analytical_2022, janiri_shared_2020, opel_cross-disorder_2020`.
```
